Internal Review (#4)
jeel38/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-TEST-0281.md

## Overview

Data stored in Android's `SharedPreference`s can be tampered with on a rooted device. If an application reads this data without verifying its integrity (e.g., with an HMAC signature), it can lead to security vulnerabilities. This test checks if the application properly validates data read from local storage.

## Steps

> 1. Run a static analysis tool such as @MASTG-TOOL-0110 on the code and look for patterns where data is read from `SharedPreferences` without a corresponding integrity check.

Reviewer: use code instead of pattern maybe. Check whatever sound good.

## Observation

> The static analysis tool identifies code where `SharedPreferences` data is loaded without an integrity check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output identifies code where `SharedPreferences` data is loaded without an integrity check.
```

## Evaluation

> The test fails if the application reads data from `SharedPreferences` without verifying its integrity using a mechanism like HMAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test fails if the application reads data from `SharedPreferences` without verifying its integrity using a mechanism like `HMAC`.
```
